Okay, I want to try this: Take the foundations folder as the context.
Then try to formulate a document that relates to the foundations especially 27 through 29s, the following intention and whatever you may further infer from it.


Neo-colonialism is an application of "These systems" or The Polymorphic Crucible system as a memetic or political perspective. Such that, one can commence transformation of real material conditions and needless suffering experienced around the world.

That is, it isn't so much, a technological implementation, nor does it need lawful establishing or total victory and overturning of the world order; It only needs memetic overton window shifts on key points established throughout these documents.

In particular it relates to things like Sovereignty: Superjects and Subjects. And how that relates to "colonialism", which in a "humanity" perspective, simply isn't a notable thing, since it is all a choice of accepting some authority/sovereign/superject X and becoming Subject of X in some agreed upon "dominum" where in that Dominus/sovereign has dominion/dominates.

This is the Honest perspective of will-against-will and the resulting domination of each other. Whether that domination is justified by a popularity contest, compromise (most or some at least get "something they want") or hegemonic philosophical perspectives (Like standard morality issues. Example: Then it was "NO GAYS", now it is "NO TO NO GAYS EVERYWHERE", and so on.).

Instead, when it becomes honest, then you get to choose, whether you want that dominus or not. It is painted out in detail in the Crucible documents and perhaps also in the polymorphic crucible documents (Which is the general patterns of the crucible, but not specified to space or governance/authority/direct-domination).
This honesty, allows for the "no-complain" variety of under another's rule, since you can simply choose to part what was made under the terms of the authority and in the authority's dominion. Similar to any nation state of today, but with real choice and opportunity of alternatives -- with visibility of whom the authority is: Not some abstraction under which shifting persons wield the power as they 'do'.

With the memetic or political/philosophical 'overton window' shift, then neo-colonialism can be realized; which then renders it possible to simply 'carve out' some land of some other country, in which the country has a population that wishes to be presented with an alternative to the current governance structure. 
They may - of course - also establish their own 'Triad' -- However, this degree of The Crucible implemented, is not to be expected possible, due to the large power players being unwilling to accept such loss of territory on account of their own citizenship. They are, so to speak, Subjects without the possibility of alternatives or becoming superjects themselves.

Therefore, "neo-colonialism", which is simply establishing of Triads by "carving out" from nation-states that are "defunct" or where the "altruist" or "empathic part to the population of the world" would all agree, that the suffering is too great, to allow continued without real effort in providing alternatives.

And so, in that case, it may very well, be possible, to use those persons from those "bad" countries - as described by themselves and their want to escape the conditions of it - such that one can simply proclaim to the "world community" that now "One of The Good Countries" have taken some "non-greedy" space from the "bad country" and established an alternative state there.

The degree to which this new state uses and implements the principles from these documents, will surely have effect, but there isn't a need of total victory prior to facilitating 'edge-delivery alternatives of state/governance/authority'.
Especially the One Human As Master/Sovereign/Superject anywhere at all, is poison to the modern mentality, and it will probably take a long time, before it is possible to realize that. Unfortunately, because, it is - or should be - clear that "Inequality of Leadership" is True and also "When aggregating leadership, then inbetween effect and compromise, noised strategies by the divergence of will/plans".
And many reasons, which you may find scattered throughout the documents.

Okay, let's try with that for now.