Try this instead.

Imagine these potential bootstrap scenarios.
1) High leverage Terraformer buys land in "as anarchic" lands as exists currently that is simultaneously stable in terms of warlords and so on. He employs his own private military to protect the borders and the internal membranes between Triads. Further, he buys up locations several places on the planet that all have internal triadization. I.e. he applies The Crucible and NSS performance over ownership in all essential or economically (wealth) important substrates and ownership. Routing of these things are simply "rally dynamics" of persons having good ideas of what kind of internal organization they want (Triad: Sovereignty(Authority/Command), Halo(Philosophy, proclamation of laws or rules and so on.), substratum (the persons part to it and the material conditions)). There may be higher level Triad discord or dispute "settle" halo (routing specifications), such as MoWD enforcement when unable to solve using level 1 or 2 (nesting in crucible (chain of command (Normal institutional power equiv, but no hidden chains or covers))) of might with right (WIll-coalescence) (Though it doesn't have to be all Triads that are routed under MoWD enforcement. Some may simply resort to all being nested under Terraformer root-triad in which he applies The Crucible etc.)

2) An alliance of countries that manages to establish neo-colonies across countries with suffering persons in relation to the governance or rule they are subject to. Thus establishing these new "special" Triad boostrapping Neo-colonies. Here the focus should be on the trouble with the international community and violating the rights of the sovereign nations (by the request of the sovereign persons that in modern morality is espoused as the root of authority or sovereignty of a nation, no?). And also, the troubles of "apartheid"/"edge-delivery governance"/"colony"(The Other that is authority and is 'state' or government) issues and "sherif be black"/"if themselves"/"safe haven", in terms of "if themselves" then "worse is expected than the world selection of those that managed to make good governance and be rallied to"; and if "colony" then the issues of many perhaps enjoying the "fruits" of having good leadership suddenly and all the order and structure, room to flourish and removal of destructive elements. But prone to being subject to stories of grievances when anything isn't "equal" in whatever aspect ("apartheid" feelings).

3) A single country has a semi-revolution. Where it agrees to part a massive part of its land to "fork" the government. (You can model it on, if Greenland wanted to have much more sovereignty against Denmark. Be a country in their own right, but still in a "union" militarily and so on with "Kingdom of Denmark") This massive land then has a constitution written (halo) proclaiming that all things are to be run towards the solving mechanisms of The Polymorphic Crucible. Here, any citizen of the "other branch to the fork" (Old system life) can migrate into the massive land granted for The Crucible World or New World or New [Old Nation Name] (Like New York or New Amsterdam). Though when they do it is fractal pyramid plug and play, with top of pyramid being the fork / New World root-authority. Which is Sovereignty ♣_{Ø} (empty sovereign position, but Halo proclaimed merely as these systems or Polymorphic Crucible as Solve System for anything). Then the fractal Pyramid of nesting becomes "many" or a fractal pyramid with empty capstone / root-sovereign. All disputes are simply proclaimed to be solved through Polymorphic Crucible methods. Including considerations of Might With Right. 