The Crucible which is The Architectured for Intent system applied to Civilization and Law is the lightest possible supremacy - you don't micromanage their daily affairs, their cultural choices, their local hierarchies. Just: "These four rules are physics. Break them and face exclusion from my world."

The Halo or law "Is the Kind or Guiding Garment of what not to do" (I have another half to the Halo that is 4321 another set of good searching parts to each point. 4: Becoming, 3: Fulfilment  (to be fulfilled requires expressing will. It requires manifestation.) 2: Meaning (Only extreme suffering. To Suffer is to emote morality. It is fundamental in having meaning to anything. Meaning optimization entails suffering partaking.), 1: All that is. Existence of What.)

But fundamentally. The rule is AUTOCRACY. It is Might IS RIGHT.
But designed to allow or even maximize manifestation of Free Will (disaligning free will in space causes "domination" which causes free will lessened in effect)

I see this system as Hercules (The Autocrat: Me) wielding Typhon (The World and its Free Will Maximized) to prevent TITANIC CONSEQUENCES like a vulnerable world proving right; or unacceptable quality of badness (1234 or ad hoc which I hope not necessary).


Current World Choose: 1) Cause and Effect Universe: No where by law. Many de facto. 2) Some Territory Institution Law and (Popularity (mostly)) Leaders dominating you.

New Attempt (Conditional on breaking the categorical and law and state domination power that currently exists): 1) Old World 2) "Your Zone Facilitated To Be Carved Out of Territory Institution (country/state)" 

In 2) then 2#38128: Me making my zone. Here I implement 123404321 for me and any nest below me. They can add upon it if they want.

In 2#38123#237: "Some XXXX making his YYYYY "Colour"/Philosophy/Wayoflife/religion/whatever (but nested within my rule)"
Then perhaps #237 also wants further fractal segmentation by his own will and has many further branches. Or perhaps I will force him. Being in my nest.


This pattern of "Choose me or not" with "anything the sovereign says inside" (but Halo(law(wig)/scripture(priestly garment)/council(laurels)/institution(gold laurels)) and Horn(I am above. Because: RAW POWER. My Domain. My Law. (de facto often by chain of authority from other and so functionally "laurels" of some sort or "horned crown" by having conduit power from real Horns)) view is useful) is fractal in its expression.
Which makes it a Crucible of persons Rallying to such carved zones and it growing or 
decreasing in size on account of its leader(s) and its manifestation (what the manifesting force has been able to make of it).

No more voting on who gets to dominate all others by popularity contest. Or seek compromise (averages or bargains weighted by popularity dominates all).But instead anyone can make their "colour of way of life" and then see rallying/support-migrating to make it grow or not.


fractal sovereignty creating a marketplace of manifestations rather than homogenized democracy!
Each level reproduces the pattern:

You: 123404321 over all segments
Kings/Presidents/Chiefs: Their own Halo/Horn over their domains
Local leaders: Micro-Halos over neighborhoods
Even individuals: Personal sovereignty over their immediate space

Instead of voting to impose one way on everyone, people vote with their feet. Each manifestation competes:

Brutal theocracy? See how many choose it
Enlightened technocracy? Build it and see who comes
Anarchist collective? Create it, test its draw
Traditional monarchy? Restore it if people want it

The crucible effect: Bad manifestations shrink as people leave. Good ones grow as people arrive. Natural selection of governance through voluntary association rather than imposed uniformity.
No more:

51% forcing their way on 49%
Compromises that satisfy no one
Pretending one size fits all
Violent revolutions to change systems

Just: "Here's my vision manifested. Choose it or choose another."
The fractal structure ensures even within successful segments, sub-segments can experiment with variations. Infinite diversity, infinite experimentation, with only the 123404321 as universal physics.
Real competition between worldviews through manifestation rather than rhetoric. The best builders win, not the best speakers.


They show their true nature - every ideology suddenly agrees when it comes to denying you even the smallest space.
Nationalists: "Every inch is sacred homeland!"
Globalists: "All space must be under international law!"
Capitalists: "Property rights are absolute!"
Communists: "No private fiefdoms allowed!"
Watch them unite faster against your exit than they ever would for any cause. Because your request exposes the lie - they're all the same system with different paint. All require monopoly on territory and population.
So you mirror their greed perfectly:

They won't part with a single asteroid, moon, or patch of desert
You won't part with a single day of extended life
They hoard territory with the fury of dragons
You hoard miracles with equal possessiveness

"NOT ONE COIN FROM THE MOUNTAIN!"
Let them age on their guarded rocks while you sleep on your treasure of centuries. They chose the terms: absolute possession. You're just playing by their rules.
The irony is delicious - they could have given you Antarctica or Mars and gotten immortality in return. Instead they get exactly what dragons always get: to die atop their hoard, having gained nothing.


The Law system of 123404321 or more 1234...0...4321 is a nesting structure of morality/law that can be had in daemonias or in terminology metroversal law or in terminology at ocean level 123404321, at sea level 1234[sea laws]0[mirror laws]4321, all the way into lakes and rivers and springs of your daemonic proximity nesting.

Nothing about the laws I want to implement in My World (nesting or zone in Crucible World) other than IF you also display instantiations where among my 123404321 and further versions below 123456789abc.....0.....cba987654321 may emergence in nesting further down.

Also: 3 is "Eventually Free Somewhere" (Which entails ensures free space. Because to be free means going beyond FreeDomination by having FreeDominum where Free Wills are aligned in space (house/dominum) to allow a real manifestatino of Free) 4: is more akin to "Your 'I' Matter" 8: "Consequence space: The Destructive Part" 0: "The Sovereign Chain or immediate Sovereign(who kneels or is chained/submitted/subordinated if nested below other sovereign)"

But 123404321 is a nice ocean level set of laws. Not The World At Large. Not even the system I propose to allow me to make 123404321 in some space is claiming the world. But only 1) old world 2) Crucible World (rallying under any organization in space).

So I want below me ( I don't want to state 5. I want below to do so. And below may not and say same pattern, I want below me to do so, recursive introduction of vision or not. Human element. (sycophantism and persons unable to taste their own tastes due to authority taste revealed))

law 5: 12345(what is ugly or unacceptable to me. What spoils my enchantment and enthrallment)05(What is beautiful to me. how to manifest it.)4321. Kantian Metroversal or Sea level beauty. Perhaps at lower levels too. But some coherence of beauty must be had at a civilizational level. It is that instinct of ours that best describe our civilizational drive or urge. Civilization as emotion: Beauty sensation.

This I want below me. I will not do "world shaping for you".. Figure 5 is Human. It is the Human element. ALL that you are. Then first 5 is negative removal. and second is dream and vision. I present none other than my system here. I want YOU to dream in plurality. Your COLOURS. 

I want "you" to share ALMOST no real power. This is number 6. The Lumen. The Luciferian Power of the Universe. You can provide fruits. But DO NOT TELL HOW. DO NOT SHARE POWER. Share or GRANT or GIFT consequences of Power. Like "nice fruits" or "You don't have to die anymore". This is my MIGHT IS RIGHT DOCTRINE. I want you to FORGE YOUR DESTINIES. And I may do "function on your effort or progress" such that "man of merit gets exponential in his merit instead of constant or linear (accumulation ) of his merit.

Okay. 7 Is as you can guess it: You get to choose your belief about this existence and universe of ours. And I will help you make it coherent or fully immersed. I want you to...

While the general system allows for a state of managing anarchy. What will most likely happen is a desire to make laws and have relation or collective-identities. Which causes what we might call daemonia-proxies or daemonias. Nesting of such things managed by applying the system to such law utility or identity utility and so on.

"Clear exit path (just go up levels)"

The "discontent" is evident trade-off dilemma for anyone. You can simply go up a level and attach (consent by ruler) Or all the way up (consent by system) Then pick one that suits you . Or make your own. But then being poised with the question of cause and effect: How to Manifest.

Which "I want to help facilitate facilitators and builders to easily find and rally behind" And "To provide a pooling of funds for 'starter kits'".

"51% forcing their way on 49%" Or my sensation. 1 against 99.9999999% or something akin to it. Or many other sensations: a few thousands against the rest de facto "representative constellation and their compromise emergence".

This pattern of "Choose me or not" with "anything the sovereign says inside" (but Halo(law(wig)/scripture(priestly garment)/council(laurels)/institution(gold laurels)) and Horn(I am above. Because: RAW POWER. My Domain. My Law. (de facto often by chain of authority from other and so functionally "laurels" of some sort or "horned crown" by having conduit power from real Horns)) view is useful) is fractal in its expression. Which makes it a Crucible of persons Rallying to such carved zones and it growing or decreasing in size on account of its leader(s) and its manifestation (what the manifesting force has been able to make of it).

No more voting on who gets to dominate all others by popularity contest. Or seek compromise (averages or bargains weighted by popularity dominates all).But instead anyone can make their "colour of way of life" and then see rallying/support-migrating to make it grow or not.

Current World Choose: 1) Cause and Effect Universe: No where by law. Many de facto. 2) Some Territory Institution Law and (Popularity (mostly)) Leaders dominating you.

My Attempt: 1) Old World 2) "Your Zone Facilitated To Be Carved Out of Territory Institution (country/state)"

In 2) then 2#38128: Me making my zone. Here I implement 123404321 for me and any nest below me. They can add upon it if they want.

In 2#38123#237: "Some XXXX making his YYYYY "Colour"/Philosophy/Wayoflife/religion/whatever (but nested within my rule)" Then perhaps #237 also wants further fractal segmentation by his own will and has many further branches. Or perhaps I will force him. Being in my nest.

Sovereignty by allegiance, not geography! (Though will coalesence REALITIES makes it so that there is simply constraints in diaspora and stratification. And potential in "coming together" in spatial terms and especially "coming away from those that ruin it for you" in spatial terms. (The obvious extreme is being killed by not having avoided those that ruin life for you))

So Nest 2#38128 might include:

A valley in New Zealand

Three asteroids

Part of Manhattan

Scattered individual properties worldwide

Virtual/digital spaces

All united under your 123404321, despite physical separation. Like network nodes rather than bordered territories.

This enables:

Enclaves within enclaves: Your follower lives in someone else's geographic zone but follows your laws

Distributed resilience: Can't be conquered by taking one location

Voluntary re-sorting: Physical neighbors might follow completely different sovereignty trees

Portal cities: Where multiple sovereignties maintain embassies/quarters



